Expose MSbuild property for setting shell file (#2182)
dotnet/runtimelab: docs/using-nativeaot/compiling.md

This can be used to import WASI functions that are in other modules, either as the above, in WASI, `wasi_snapshot_preview1`, or in other WebAssembly modules that may be linked with [WebAssembly module linking](https://github.com/WebAssembly/module-linking)

# WASM applications configuration

Currently NativeAOT-LLVM supports following additional properties

> - `WasmHtmlTemplate`: specifies path to the HTML template within which the WASM application will be embedded. Example of minimal template from Emscipten repo: https://github.com/emscripten-core/emscripten/blob/main/src/shell_minimal.html

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- `WasmHtmlTemplate`: specifies path to the HTML template within which the WASM application will be embedded. An example of a minimal template can be found in the Emscripten repo: https://github.com/emscripten-core/emscripten/blob/main/src/shell_minimal.html
```
